Changelog 156 (#134)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2021-09-27-changelog-156.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #156"
date: 2021-09-27 13:00:00 +0300
---

This is the last release that supports the 2021.1 IDEs. To receive plugin updates further, please upgrade
your IDE to 2021.2.

## New Features

> * [#7317] Enable WSL support by default

Reviewer: Let's provide more detailed text about what works and doesn't work now and where. For example, debugging works only in CLion and you need special toolchain for it. Profiling doesn't work at all for now

* [#7488] Add debugger option to break on panic. This option is enabled by default (by [@Kobzol])

    TODO: GIF?

> * [#7550] Support finding usages in child modules in `Unused import` inspection

Reviewer: Let's mention that it's still disabled by default not to produce false positives and describe a way on how to enable it

> * [#7550] Support finding usages in child modules in `Unused import` inspection

Reviewer: Gif or at least image

> * [#7805] Remove `Extract dependency specification` intention in favor of `Expand into separate table` intention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#7805] Remove `Extract dependency specification` intention in favor of more generic `Expand into separate table` intention from TOML plugin
```

## Performance Improvements

> * [#7818] Optimize macro expansion — now macros are expanded in parallel

Reviewer: I think it's important to mention that it's a part of procedural macros support

> * [#7841] Avoid IDE freeze in certain situations when invoking quick fixes or intentions on elements with syntax errors (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#7841] Avoid IDE freeze in certain situations when invoking `Remove` quick-fixes or intentions on elements with syntax errors (by [@Kobzol])
```

## Fixes

> * [#7809] Use correct prelude for 2021 edition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#7809] Use correct [prelude](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/edition-guide/rust-2021/prelude.html) for [2021 edition](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/edition-guide/rust-2021/)
```

* [#7795] Fix parsing of const generic arguments and const generic defaults

* [#7804] Generate generic bounds and `where` clauses when creating inherent `impl` items in `Extract function` refactoring (by [@Kobzol])

* [#7831] Don't show the [E0046](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0046) error for negative trait impls (by [@Kobzol])

* [#7806] Insert import at correct location during auto-import

* [#7827] Fix that glob import can override named items in some cases

> * [#7819] Fix incorrect resolve in some cases when there is both `cfg`-disabled and `cfg`-enabled `mod` with the same name

Reviewer: `resolve` -> `name resolution`

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #156"
date: 2021-09-27 13:00:00 +0300
---

This is the last release that supports the 2021.1 IDEs. To receive plugin updates further, please upgrade
your IDE to 2021.2.

## New Features

> * [#7317] Enable WSL support by default. Now you can choose a WSL toolchain in `Rust Settings` (<kbd>Languages & Frameworks > Rust</kbd>),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#7317] Enable WSL support by default. Now you can choose a WSL toolchain during project creation or in `Languages & Frameworks | Rust` settings,
```

          which will be used for build and run via `cargo`, code formatting via `rustfmt`, on-the-fly code analysis via `cargo check` or `clippy`, code coverage via `grcov`, etc.

>           Note: we use UNC paths (`\\wsl$\...`) for WSL toolchains, so you need at least version 1903 of Windows 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Note, we use UNC paths (`\\wsl$\...`) for WSL toolchains, so you need at least version 1903 of Windows 10.
```

>           Debugging works only in CLion and you need to configure a WSL toolchain in CLion settings (<kbd>Build, Execution, Deployment > Toolchains</kbd>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Debugging works only in CLion and you need to configure a WSL toolchain in `Build, Execution, Deployment | Toolchains` settings.
```

>           Also, Valgring Memcheck and Profiling still are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Also, [Valgring Memcheck](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-valgrind.html) and [Profiling](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-profiler.html) integrations are not supported yet.
```

> * [#7488] Add debugger option to break on panic. This option is enabled by default (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: Let's add setting name and path

    TODO: GIF?

* [#7550] Support finding usages in child modules in `Unused import` inspection.

>           Note: this inspection is disabled by default due to some false positives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Note, the inspection is disabled by default due to some false positives.
```
